README.md, before:

# readme-generator

## Description

---

This README generator is a command-line application that dynamically creates a professional README.md file from a user's input after a series of prompts and questions about their project.

## Table of Contents

---

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

---

Please follow the steps outlined below to install this project and get the development environment up and running:

1. Before you begin, ensure that you have Node.js installed on your local machine. Follow the instructions listed [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to download and install Node.js.

2. In your terminal, use the command git clone and paste the link to this repository so that you can clone it to your local machine.

3. Then run the command "npm init -y" to install Node Package Manager.

4. Next run the command "npm i inquirer" to install Inquirer and its associated dependencies.

## Usage

---

- put the video gif here

Here is the [link]() to the full video tutorial on how to use this program.

Please follow the steps outlined below for how to use the command-line application once all of the necessary programs and npm packages are installed:

1. To begin using the application, run "node index.js" in the command line. This will tell Node.js runtime to read the index.js file's code and execute it.

2. You will then go through and answer an array of questions by typing in your information. Press enter after you input your response for each question to bring you to the next question in the terminal. If you do not answer a required question, you will be prompted to do so before you can move on to the next question.

3. Once you have gone through all of the questions, your answers will be saved in an object and this data will be used to to generate your individualized README.md file via the writeFile function.

4. You can find your newly generated README.md file in the dist folder of the repository in VS Code. You can open it up to view it and you can right click to preview it as well. You will see all of your responses in their corresponding sections of the file. You can click on the various sections included in the Table of Contents to bring you to that particular section.

## License

---

This application is covered under the license MIT.

## Contributing

---

Caitlin O'Reilly is the primary contributor of this README Generator. If you are interested in contributing to this project, you are welcome to fork it.

- Please see the Questions section for Caitlin O'Reilly's contact information.

## Questions

---

If you have any questions about this project, please feel free to contact me directly via email at coreilly29@gmail.com.
You can also view my additional projects at https://github.com/caitoreilly.

Commit message:

added demo video link and demo section to readme file

README.md, after:

# readme-generator

## Description

---

This README generator is a command-line application that dynamically creates a professional README.md file from a user's input after a series of prompts and questions about their project.

## Table of Contents

---

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Demonstration](#demonstration)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

---

Please follow the steps outlined below to install this project and get the development environment up and running:

1. Before you begin, ensure that you have Node.js installed on your local machine. Follow the instructions listed [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to download and install Node.js.

2. In your terminal, use the command git clone and paste the link to this repository so that you can clone it to your local machine.

3. Then run the command "npm init -y" to install Node Package Manager.

4. Next run the command "npm i inquirer" to install Inquirer and its associated dependencies.

## Usage

---

- put the video gif here

Here is the [link]() to the full video tutorial on how to use this program.

Please follow the steps outlined below for how to use the command-line application once all of the necessary programs and npm packages are installed:

1. To begin using the application, run "node index.js" in the command line. This will tell Node.js runtime to read the index.js file's code and execute it.

2. You will then go through and answer an array of questions by typing in your information. Press enter after you input your response for each question to bring you to the next question in the terminal. If you do not answer a required question, you will be prompted to do so before you can move on to the next question.

3. Once you have gone through all of the questions, your answers will be saved in an object and this data will be used to to generate your individualized README.md file via the writeFile function.

4. You can find your newly generated README.md file in the dist folder of the repository in VS Code. You can open it up to view it and you can right click to preview it as well. You will see all of your responses in their corresponding sections of the file. You can click on the various sections included in the Table of Contents to bring you to that particular section.

## License

---

This application is covered under the license MIT.

## Demonstration 

---

You can view this [video tutorial](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Rq-rozdnjBpf674dFKjEwz2z9I5lg23I/view?usp=sharing) that demonstrates how to use the README Generator command-line application. 

## Contributing

---

Caitlin O'Reilly is the primary contributor of this README Generator. If you are interested in contributing to this project, you are welcome to fork it.

- Please see the Questions section for Caitlin O'Reilly's contact information.

## Questions

---

If you have any questions about this project, please feel free to contact me directly via email at coreilly29@gmail.com.
You can also view my additional projects at https://github.com/caitoreilly.
